if you identify yourself as
being only either created for
scientific you do yourself a big
disservice when there's a lot of
brain cells in the human human
skull that are capable of all
manner of analysis creativity
deduction insurance and I think
the best scientists are created
in the best creative artists
have some logical rational side
to them that can bring some
sense of meaning in order to
what they're doing at some level
of the lead with it but it's
there it's there you look at the
Van Gogh painting very far from
what is representational
painting of course it's
impressionist but there is
structure there there is not
just completely random stuff
coming out of his without am
looking there he's he's thought
this through I'd like to see all
discussion of I'm left brain
right brain I don't think that
I'd like to see that just go by
way of wanna see that go extinct
as a way of thinking about what
your human potential is we all
have brings we all have brain
hands or however we split the
brain to decide where you gonna
be dominated and we're not
develop it all comes out